Okay.
Lord of the Rings?
Oh my gosh, favorite character.
wait...
Wait, as... are we staying in Lord of the Rings?
Okay, for now. Favorite character from Lord of the Rings.
Gandalf?
Aragorn.
Ohhh
Aragorn. I would say I like Samwise Gamgee.
Yeah, I just think his loyalty, Mr.
Frodo.
And...
Yeah... just...
In the mo. Yeah.
But...
I watched the. Okay, I read the book, I only read it like...
once all the way through.
I... I read Hobbit twice.
but I can't remember anything from Hobbit, honestly.
That, It just didn't leave a lasting impression but
Lord of the Rings, yeah... it's
Well,
the ending was quite different.
Yeah, I kind of like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I.... but you know how in the book...
um The hobbits all stand up and fight, right?
And I like that scene. And ohhh
they all come back.
yeah they had cut that and I really like that part a lot.
yeah
Yeah.
Just, yeah, right? Just a little final stand.
I think they're not that win.
Yeah... See, I feel like rather than
um
Taking that hobbit, like I really did not like the hobbit movie.
Coz um Well, it was okay.
But I didn't really think they should
Stretched it out into three movies like they could have
Maybe give it two of these
But I would have liked to do that one movie just at the ending of The Hobbit.
Yeah. Yeah.
Do you like the movie too?
Yup.
Oh really?
mmm-hmm
Oh, yeah. I... I mean, I don't remember the book too much.
Yeah.
yeah
Return of the... Oh. Yeah.
I would say Return of... Well, it's the climax of the whole.
Right, because originally that was just one book. Right? and then
for marketing purposes
they split it into three I I don't know if it was marketing purpose or
Yeah, so I would say it's the climax. It was the most exciting
part. Yeah
Yeah...
Wait, which movie was this?
Okay.
No.
He was a heartthrob when he was young, like
Yeah, he was in like... Oh he, he
He was in Goonies. Yeah. When... Yeah.
Have you seen Goonies? No.
It's an old mov, adventure movie.
And I liked him from then.
And then he's done a lot of little quirky...
Movies in between but
mmm-hmm
uh Yeah, I have to say Aragorn was his best role.
Yeah, he, once he played that, he couldn't play any other movies.
Although he is a good actor.